today was the first annual Southwest
Florida kicking challenge presented by
chrome blue kicking school and really
just trying to get exposure for each
kicker and punter in this area trying to
help them to get attention from from
colleges and do whatever we can to help
them you know it accomplished the dreams
and goals that that I had growing up and
that they have now so I came up with the
idea for the kicking challenge just
because when I was in high school you
know I wanted something I want to be
able to prove myself to other guys and
there wasn't anything like this so I
wanted to create an opportunity for
kickers and punters in this area to show
their talent and skills and and
hopefully be seen by as many ecologist
as possible
it was great I mean I love being out
being out here with the other kickers
from the other schools that I don't get
to our compete again since I 11 in
school they're like during for it was
just great so I could everywhere not
here it was fun that was the best
because I it brings out the best and
everyone here because practice is just e
or maybe another guy you're JP tokoto
out here at significance the best of all
the brush you can use an account I'd say
it is it's one of the best ones
inventive because it's it's fun most of
the guys I know I'd recommend it to him
because coach mumbles just a great guy
is a good coach he helps out a lot and
you just feel overall better after every
session you are
I'm trying to just help these guys out
however I can so that you know they can
achieve their dreams and goals and help
them with technique but it's not just
technique it's a lot of different things
is teaching them the importance of
strength training it's praying with the
guys and the things off the field that
they need that is also very important
it's kind of being a mentor but the
primary thing is giving them the
technique and the skills that they need
in order to be successful kickers and
punters
you